added use case template & referenced it in readme (#72)
cncf/cnf-wg: ccdps/README.md

Socialize an idea with the CNF WG. You can send your idea to the mailing list, or add it to the agenda for one of the upcoming meetings. Make sure that others think the work is worth taking up and will help review the CCDP and any code changes required.

Follow the process outlined in the [CCDP process document](0001-cnf-conformance-definition-proposal-process.md) and use the [CCDP template](NNNN-ccdp-template.md) to create a new proposal. Submit a pull request to add the proposal to the repo.

## Use Cases

> CCDP shall always refer to at least one of CNF WG use cases. Those use cases serve as the practical and concrete basis for deriving, discussing and evaluating the best practices for CNFs. Their value is in providing context and sanity check for CCDPs. With the help of use cases we are making sure that CCDPs are addressing specific problem or need from the real world. Please use [UC-template.md](Use Case Template) to contribute an use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCDP shall always refer to at least one of CNF WG use cases. Those use cases serve as the practical and concrete basis for deriving, discussing, and evaluating the best practices for CNFs. Their value is in providing context and sanity check for CCDPs. With the help of use cases, we are making sure that CCDPs are addressing specific problems or needs from the real world. Please use [Use Case Template](UC-template.md) to contribute an use case.
```

> CCDP shall always refer to at least one of CNF WG use cases. Those use cases serve as the practical and concrete basis for deriving, discussing, and evaluating the best practices for CNFs. Their value is in providing context and sanity check for CCDPs. With the help of use cases, we are making sure that CCDPs are addressing specific problems or needs from the real world. Please use [Use Case Template](NNNN-UC-template.md) to contribute an use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCDP shall always refer to at least one of CNF WG use case or user story. Those use cases serve as the practical and concrete basis for deriving, discussing, and evaluating the best practices for CNFs. Their value is in providing context and sanity check for CCDPs. With the help of use cases, we are making sure that CCDPs are addressing specific problems or needs from the real world. Please use [Use Case Template](NNNN-UC-template.md) to contribute an use case.
```

Reviewer 2: The section header needs to say user story as well

`## Use Cases and User Stories`

Reviewer 3: Or just 'requirements docs'; perhaps with a reference to the folder.
